My name is Jonathan Kelly,
and I am an assistant professor at
the Institute for Aerospace Studies at the University of Toronto Canada.
As a child, I used to love to go every month to the magazine store,
and I would always read popular mechanics or popular science.
They had all these interesting articles about things with space travel,
to new vehicles, to new computing designs,
just really interesting stuff.
So, that's ultimately what prompted me to start looking at
science and technology as a possible career choice.
One of the things that happened when I was quite young
was the first space shuttle disaster, the Challenger disaster.
I can still remember that actually,
and thinking just, my goodness,
how this that something must have gone wrong,
and just how dire the consequences were this this tremendous explosion.
At the time, I just remember sitting stunned,
thinking technologies sort of always worked.
That was my opinion. Technology always works.
It doesn't fail.
Cars don't just explode.
Then seeing this on television really brought it home
that engineering really does matter.
Solid engineering is critically important in
these life-threatening or potentially life-changing situations.
Self-driving cars are in many ways very similar.
We have a responsibility as engineers to design
these systems to be as safe and reliable as possible as we can.
It's one of the things that's the most exciting technology revolutions
that's really coming in the near term.
New ideas, new technologies,
new designs are coming down the pipe every single day.
I often to sit down at my desk and my eyes sort of pop,
when I see the number of
innovative new ideas and techniques that people are coming out with.
It's also excitement from a point of view of actually changing
the technology landscape and doing
something that will potentially benefit a lot of people.